Revival
Dead Heroes can be revived in the following ways:
The offering of a "Revival Apple" at the Revival Shrine. (1 Enchanted Golden Apple + 8 Diamonds)
When a boss (Ender Dragon or Wither King) is killed, all dead Heroes are revived.
To use the Revival Shrine, Heroes place one Enchanted Golden Apple surrounded by eight Diamonds inside of a Dispencer in the shrine, then press the botton on the dispenser nice times to input the resources into the shrine. All it takes from there is a little time (wait times may vary) and the intended Hero to revive will be back alive and can rejoin the server, spawning at the Revival Shrine just like when they started.*

*Note: When a Hero is revived they will not have anything they had on them when they died and they will spawn again from the Revival Shrine.
Note to the Heroes
A few points I'd like to cover here quickly to my fellow Heroes:
This is intended to be a comprehensive page on my website for all members of Heroes of Hardcore to find all the info they'll need, as well as providing fans and viewers with more information about the series.
It would be awesome if by playing on the server you would produce some content. Most heroes will be either making YouTube videos, livestreaming on Twitch, or both. Just do whatever you do.
No, you don't have to record while you're playing all the time. Just do what you do however you do it, whatever fits your style, and you're totally free to just enjoy the server without recording too. No pressures, but I highly recommend doing some sort of media production.
IMPORTANT: The official launch of the server is this Saturday at 8:00pm EST, in time for my regular stream. I be invite and encouraging everyone joining the server to be online, preferably producing their content, during the premier. You can join me and several other members in a large group call (using the Evolve voice chat software. Link on the right of the page), or just go off with whoever you want, or even start on your own. Again, whatever fits your style and whatever will be most fun for you.
I hope to see you all on the server this Saturday, again, at 8:00pm EST, and in the future on this server. I'm excited, and I hope you all are too. Cya, Heroes! :D
~ Robert Mato

What is Hoh?
Heroes of Hardcore is a private Minecraft cooperative community server, played on Hardcore, with the twist that if a player dies they can be "revived" at a cost payed by the other players. Namely, one "Revival Apple" which can be created in the Revival Shrine.
Heroes
Aragallex (Aragallex)
Bigg (Bigg52)
David (DavidFights)
Jacob Chickpea (mechamonkey95)
James is Ninja (JamesIsNinja)
Kaitlynn (KLDTheGamer)
Robert Mato (code4242)
Sabrina (Tehila97)
The Neon Caticorn (Marcilove13)
Toolbox
IP: In the Evolve group profile
Evolve Gaming Speak - Voice Chat Software
(Group name: Heroes of Hardcore)
