HOW DO I COMMISSION YOU?
Contact me via email at robertmato@yahoo.ca to commission me!
​I have compiled a list of packages with flat rates for common commissions I do. If you're interested in something not listed there, please see Other Commissions. (Bulk commissions usually receive a small discount. If you are interested in a custom package, let me know and I'm sure we can work something out.)

​Please read my Step-By-Step guide if you are interested in commissioning my work.
PACKAGES & PRICING
The following are flat rates for common commissions I do. (Prices in USD)
If you wish to commission me for something not listed below, please see Other Commissions.

Twitch Offline Screen: $15
Twitch Overlay: $25
Twitch Banner: $15
Twitch Avatar: $10
OTHER COMMISSIONS
The above flat rates are for the most common commissions I have been hired for. By doing those types of commissions often I have developed a solid idea of the time and effort needed to complete them and have therefore worked out simple flat rates to charge for such commissions.

However, I am more than open to other types of commissions beyond what is listed above under Packages & Pricing. If you like the look of my work and are interested in something that deviates from my usual designs please do not hesitate to contact me. I am always excited to work on different things for a change of pace and try new things.

Just contact me with details of what you're looking for (the more detail the better) and we can talk. Once I'm sure I understand what you're asking for I will give you a quote, being either a flat rate or an hourly rate depending on the nature of the commission. As long as you are happy with the price I will begin work and will contact you based on my Step-By-Step process. I highly recommend you read that over before agreeing to the price and commission work as it will make the whole process much easier and faster for both of us.

If you have any questions at all please let me know and I'll help you out however I can.
CONTACT ME
Name
Email
Subject
Message
Submit
Alternatively, e-mail me at RobertMato@yahoo.ca
