Commissions: Step-By-Step
Here's a step-by-step explanation of your commissioning process with me:

Send me a message. Here, email (RobertMato@yahoo.ca), anywhere you can contact me really. Let me know that you are interested in commissioning me and give as much information about the graphic you would like as possible. References, examples, colors, shapes, anything. The more detail the better. I will NEVER complain about someone being too descriptive with their commission. Letting me know what kind of file formats, if anything specific is needed, is also good to mention here.

I will reply giving a basic summary of what I believe you're trying to commission, so I can make sure I'm understanding you properly, as well as a price estimate. I will also follow up with any questions about additional info I may need before beginning work on your design.

As soon as we've communicated enough that I understand the basic idea of what you want I will send you one or more mock-ups of the general layout of the design. This helps me, and you by saving me time thus saving you money, to be sure of how the design should be shaped before I get into the detailed and fancy stuff that actually makes it look good.

Once the mock-up design has been confirmed by you, I will get to work on the actual full design. This part won't require much from you for a little while.

After I have a good concept together of something close to the final product I will send it to you, along with any possible alternate versions, to review. This is your chance to tell me anything you'd like different or changed before I finalize the design, so speak up or forever hold your peace. I will address any changes you wanted and send new demos for your review. (Note that major changes in the layout will likely NOT be made. Any of that should be taken care of in Step 3.)

Once I send you a demo that you are happy with and agree that it is the final design I will send you an invoice. (Invoices will always be sent via email, so I will need your email at this point. Currently I only accept payment through PayPal. I'm sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.)

As soon as I've seen that the payment has gone through (as soon as I possibly can refresh my email. If for some reason there will be a delay with me noticing the payment, such as me being unable to reach my computer for a period of time, I will let you know beforehand.) I will send the fully rendered final product in whatever format(s) we agreed upon. The commission is done. Congratulations!

Terms & Conditions

Please check out my gallery before requesting a commission. I say this so that you will have an idea of what I am capable of and what styles of design I tend to excel at. I am always excited to try out a style that I am unfamiliar with, but if that's the kind of idea you have in mind we will have to discuss it and I might turn down commissions that I do not feel confident in fulfilling to a standard you or I would be happy with.

I will not design anything involving explicit material. Gore, explicit language, or anything sexy enough to be rated R, not gonna happen. Sorry, but that's just the way it is.

I reserve the right to turn down any commission. I may be busy, I may feel it's out of my capabilities, or I may not like your attitude.

I retain the rights to all of my commissions. I made them after all. I won't use them for myself, I will not sell them to anyone else. But I may post them to my gallery or use them as examples of my work. This is simply to protect what I made as something that I made. You can of course use what you commission from me however you want. You paid for it after all. (If this is a problem to you or the nature of the design requires you to have full ownership over it then we can discuss this and reach a simple agreement, but I must be made aware so that we are both clear on the terms. Certain licensing may require additional payment.)

All payments must be made after I have confirmed your satisfaction with the final product by sending you a demo and received confirmation from you that it is acceptable. Once I have received the payment I will send you the fully rendered final version in whatever format(s) we have previously agreed upon.

Refund requests will not be fulfilled. Period. Once you have agreed to the final design and paid for it I will not refund your money. I am willing to make minor adjustments if you are unhappy with the final product, but those would be agreed upon on a case-by-case basis and larger modifications may require additional payment. I want you to be happy with the final product, but please understand that I also do not want to be conned out of payments or my time.

This is not an absolute rule but I would of course love you if you would credit/promote me somewhere you use the commissioned work. I do not sign my work or leave a watermark over the final product, so any credit given to me is left up to your discretion. But if you don't want to for whatever reason, you don't have to. You paid me, I gave you the product, the transaction is complete. But credit would make me happy.

Do not claim that the commission is your own work. You don't have to credit me if you don't want to, but do NOT take the credit for yourself!

Feel free to modify or edit the final product however you want, but remember, I made it. You can say you modified it, but you did not make the original graphic. My design is still the base of your customization.

I commonly set aside time each day to work on my commissions. Some days I can't, some days I may put several hours into them. I do try to complete all commissions in a timely manner. I don't want to keep anyone waiting after we've agreed on the design. If any unexpected delays do arise I will notify you and if you wish to cancel your commission I will completely understand.

Commissions are done on a first-come-first-serve basis. Some exceptions may come up. If someone isn't responding to a question or draft I may bump them down the list. Things happen and if there's any change in the order, for any reason, I will notify all people affected. And once again, if you are unhappy with the unexpected change you may cancel your commission and receive a full refund.
